[Data][Doc] Add doc to summarize different shuffle options (#42358)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/transforming-data.rst

                .map_groups(normalize_features)
            )

.. _shuffling_data:

Shuffling data
==============

Shuffle the ordering of files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To randomly shuffle the ordering of input files before reading, call a function like
:func:`~ray.data.read_images` and specify ``shuffle="files"``. This randomly assigns
input files to workers for reading.

.. testcode::

    import ray

    ds = ray.data.read_images(
        "s3://anonymous@ray-example-data/image-datasets/simple",
        shuffle="files",
    )

.. tip::

>     This is the fastest option for shuffle, and is purely metadata operation. This

Reviewer: I feel like a word is missing here?
```suggestion
    This is the fastest option for shuffle, and is a purely metadata operation. This
```

Author: updated.

>     option does not shuffle the actual rows inside files, so the randomness would be

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/contractions#:~:text=In%20particular%2C%20it's%20fine%20to,misread%20don't%20as%20do.
```suggestion
    option doesn't shuffle the actual rows inside files, so the randomness might be
```

Author: updated.

.. tip::

>     This is the slowest option for shuffle, and requires tranasferring data across

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is the slowest option for shuffle, and requires transferring data across
```

Author: my bad, updated.
